Figured we could trade information about how we're reaching out, what sorts of positions and requirements we're finding out there etc.
Ooh, that invite from Laura is just perfect 
Well, not invite, calendar update 
Which dates are you looking at?
For Laura's thing? It's October 4
10.45-12
One thing I found helpful was searching the IAA alumni group by location on LinkedIn, to see which alumni are working in my cities of interest
So I have a friend in a similar field who got a job on the west coast by calling a bunch of companies and asking to meet. He paid his on way but ended up getting a job out of it with one of the big 4 accounting firms. I'm thinking about going in December right when break starts if anyone wants to arrange a trip or something
<@U1L9DD1NY> I’m actually going home to the bay area for dec break.  I’m also going to start contacting some people I know at companies out there to see the best ways to go about getting a foot in the bay, will keep ya’ll posted :slightly_smiling_face:
Oo sweet that's where I was planning on going actually. Thanks <@U1L1WFNC8> 
I have a meeting scheduled with April to discuss opportunities out in the Seattle/Portland/Vancouver area early next week. I'll circulate my notes from the meeting!
I'll probably head to Seattle over the December break
I spoke with April today about west coast job opportunities and she mentioned that she and Dr. Rappa have a plan to discuss this further with us once Eric McMillen (Uber) has his talk with us in October. He will have lots of thoughts on the West Coast recruiting going on and what is most important for us to focus on. Then, April will put together more info for us. :slightly_smiling_face:
Awesome news, thank you for the heads up <@U1L1D4WG7> 
April does think it will remain difficult to attract West Coast companies to visit the IAA. Mostly because they have plenty of applicants out there, and there is simply no need to venture to the east coast for people. Regardless, if we have specific interests out there, we should certainly be reaching out.
Thanks <@U1L1D4WG7> for all of the foot work here! 
Let the IAA takeover of the Pacific Time Zone begin :slightly_smiling_face:  :muscle:
I'm getting more information on Palantir (my dad knows a handful of people who work there including the CEO), I'll pass on information.
