GO PACK
I can get some Indian food if you guys are fine :slightly_smiling_face:
If anyone is still looking for a ticket, I'm not planning on going to Thursday's game anymore.

Still excited to tailgate with you all sometime this season!  I'm afraid to say VT &gt; NCSU in my heart but I am a big college football fan in general and am looking forward to seeing the Pack do well this season.
Yo yo yo
People have been asking what to bring tomorrow! I have chips and salsa+queso, and some appetizers. More food would be great, or beer/wine is also great. Also feel free to bring friends/SOs, I think we'll have a good crowd but I can open it up to the patio/back too since I live on the ground floor.
I've made cookies and I'll bring something savory. Any votes for: pigs-in-a-blanket, cheesy-pull-apart-bread, or a large platter of chik-fil-a nuggets??
I bought some pigs-in-a-blanket and taquitos already <@U1L914KNJ>! So either of the others would be great :slightly_smiling_face:
yum!
I bought some Indian snacks :) 
I have 2 tickets to the football game tonight that I'm not using. They are about 10 rows behind the visitor bench, at midfield. I'll accept the most intriguing offer. Direct message me here if you're interested
Target has red ponchos in case anyone was looking for some rain gear in the event that it rains during the game!
For all those coming today, it's building 5401, Apt M (on the ground floor, on the left)! If you have trouble finding it call me: <tel:404-988-9650|404-988-9650>. The apt complex is called The Parke at Trinity. Any parking spot should be fair game but if you go just past 5401 there's usually plenty of spots on the left. 
I am hidden
Warning: if you have a purse at all it's probably too big and they will not let you in 
Where is everyone sitting?!
Anyone still at the game?
Anyone else having a hard time watching the game? I'm streaming it and it's been on commercial break for about 15 minutes... Trying to see if it's a network wide issue or an Internet issue. Thanks!
It's an ESPNU issue
Mine is the same 
I'm having the same issue 
Ok thanks. 
It's so sad, every other ESPN channel is good 
I know! I'm dying over here.
Mines back up but without sound...
I'm on the way to Carolina Ale House if you wanna join!
On walnut street 
Love to but probably shouldn't drive :slightly_smiling_face:
Enjoy the rest of the game!
I understand :slightly_smiling_face: and thanks you too!
Go pirates!!!!! 
The ticket request for next week’s home game is open!
Who all is going to the game Saturday?
Me!
Me!
Me! Go ODU monarchs! :lion_face::wink:
Hate to break it to ya <@U1KQGK2CB> but I overheard someone saying today that we are basically playing "a highschool team" Saturday lol :joy: 
Hold on I am trying to search UNCW's football team
I personally welcome ODU on their transition from the FCS so that Virginia finally has two division one football programs.
Virginia shows up well in the FBS though. Shoutout Richmond! :spider:
Tailgating anyone?
<@U1KRB11QC>: absolutely 
Parking passes for the game being handed out at 4:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. at Wolf Ridge today!
Anyone have a student ticket they're not gonna use? OR is anyone looking for a ticket and would like to go halvsies on Laura Ladrie's offer?
You can still request one. I just got mine and it was instantly after I requested it
Did anyone get a parking pass? They're already out over at wolf ridge
I have one
Who is driving? They are out of parking passes.
Anyone want to carpool over to Talley during lunch to see if we can get parking passes? They’re handing them out again at 12
anybody need a student ticket? I don't think I'm going to be able to make the game
Can we make a plan for saturday ??? did anyone get a parking pass besides david??
Yes plans would be great. J's unite 
Let's make a plan, I'm down!!
Football game. Tomorrow. Done. #P 
I'm down to tailgate before but I can't go to the game 
Just tell me where to go and when to get there
I'm with Hannah 
Same 
All In favor of <@U1LBRCSEA> making a plan react to this!
Lol the plan is everyone come tailgate all together! Let's decide on a time to start tailgating....all in favor of 3pm?
Uconn plays at 1
I'll bring spike ball
<@U1LMHQY9E> #ctpride
Wooo game day!! :football::football::football::football:who all is planning to tailgate? Let's get some numbers so we can start getting our plan together. 
FYI: my boyfriend said he used to park in the lot at the vet school for game day when he couldn't get parking passes, it's not too far of a walk to the tailgating field!
If you want a good spot I would suggest going right as it opens. 5 hours before I believe. 
You can also park for free on Beryl Road if all of the other lots are full, it's not a bad walk to the lots/game from there 
Okay the cars are planning on getting to the parking lot around 3!  We'll let y'all know where we end up in the lot. 
Do we have any plans for food? 
I was planning on bringing random snack food
Anyone there yet?
<@U1KRMNVGC>: yep we're parking now 
Fairgrounds lot all the way in the back by the water tower
Where is everyone I'm looking for you guys!
By gate 10 in the fairgrounds lot. In the back by the fence about 100m from the water tower
Yall are so far back
When does the tailgating end? 
Never 
#ruleofthirds
i don't get it.... Missing soccer...
NC State rookie QB is playing right now for the Patriots, just a fun fact
Actually 2! 
Who's going to the game this weekend?!?! 
<!channel>: it's homecoming u have too
I have a ticket to the WFU game… but my certification is the following week… to study or have fun
I have a ticket to the game and a parking pass 
I'm taking my SAS exam tomorrow and I'll tell anyone who comes to the game al the answers 
possibly come to tailgate
Depending upon homework, I will most likely be at the game and tailgating!
If anyone needs a football ticket for the game tomorrow, I have an extra so let me know!
Anyone out here tailgating?
Notre Dame ticket request open
Could someone who is not going to the notre dame football game next weekend request a ticket???? My sister is going into town!!!! Thanks go pack
Does nc state sell guest student tickets or do we have to rely on the kindness of our classmates to sneak in an outsider? 
<@U1L4RTKCM>: they sell student guest passes! I think they go on sale Tuesday or Wednesday?
ND ticket request closes at 8am!
If someone requested one and doesn't end up needing it, please let me know!
Did everyone get a ticket?
I requested one and don't think I can go to the game anymore so <@U1L4RTKCM> you can have mine! 
<@U1KSYP1M5> you rock!!  Just let know how I should get it
<@U1L4RTKCM>: I haven't gotten the link for the ticket yet, but once I do I think I can just forward you my mobile ticket and they just scan that at the door! 
If anyone has a ticket that they aren't going to use, please let me know! I have a couple of friends who have decided to go to the game
I'm also looking for a ticket if someone has an extra/not using one.
