Hey everyone were trying to make a plan for buying tickets. There a really limited number of tickets left so we are planning on buying them all together today and then people can pay back. 
So we need to know who is committed to going, tickets are $40 and since there so few tickets left were getting tickets pretty far in the back but it's the cheapest available and we can all sit together. 
Two please!
I'm gonna go for sure 
If it's not too late, I would like a a ticket too! 
I am in :) 
I'm in as well 
I'm in!
Hey everybody! I got us the tickets so we're good to go. They ended up being $45 after taxes and fees and such. You can give me cash or pay through venmo (@sylvie-brick) whenever you get a chance. So excited gonna be so much fun! 
Thank you. 
Thank you Sylvie.
Hi everyone! Doing some housecleaning, and I'm thinking of archiving this channel at the end of tomorrow, if I receive no opposition
the conversation history will still be viewable via <http://my.slack.com/archives>
Can we keep it until after the concert? I think we'll all want to be able to talk to each other leading up to it. 
Sure!
In case anyone missed this gem from today <http://www.thefader.com/2016/09/15/chance-the-rapper-lil-wayne-2-chainz-ellen> :heart:
Do you guys know where to get tickets if I wanted to get some extras? 
You can check Ticketmaster for resale but it's been sold out for months so I wouldn't count on it. 
<!channel> Hey everyone now that hell week is over we have only a few more days until Chance!!! So the concert is next Friday night at the Red Hat Amphitheater downtown. Show starts at 8:00PM with an opener. We should all get together and pregame before the concert. Right now Sylvie and I have both volunteered our apartments so that's either Wolf Ridge on campus(me) or Sylvie's at 401 Oberlin Dr. If anyone else wants to volunteer their place if they're closer to downtown we're open to it, whatever is easiest for the group. We have a half day Friday so no excuses for not coming!!! It's gonna be an awesome show!!!
Hey for anyone looking for tickets my family is actually coming into town this weekend so I don't believe I'll be able to make it. You would be able to buy my ticket off me 
<@U1KSR1MS4>: 
